🔧 update skills (#10)
dudeofawesome/nix-config: modules/presets/home-manager/paciolan/llms/skills/create-jira-item.md

---
name: create-jira-item
description: 'Create a Jira work item / ticket with sensible defaults. Use whenever creating a Jira item.'
argument: 'work item title (e.g. "Enable strict linting")'
---

# Create Jira work item

## Atlassian MCP

If the Atlassian MCP server is not connected, suggest the user install it — it is required for creating and transitioning Jira issues.

> cloudId: `paciolan.atlassian.net`

Reviewer: Move back to defaults

    If not in a repository, then skip the label.

4. Pick the parent

    Use jira-defaults if no parent can be inferred.

5. Describe the work item

    Describe to the user the new work item that will be created.

6. Create work item

    Using the Atlassian MCP tools, create the issue with all default fields from the jira-defaults skill:
    - **projectKey**: `<projectKey>`
    - **issueTypeName**: `<work-item-type>`
    - **parent**: `<parent>`
    - **assignee**: `<assignee>`
    - **summary**: `<title>`
    - **contentFormat**: `markdown`
    - **additional_fields**:
        - `labels`: `["<repo-name>"]`
        - `customfield_10055`: {"id": "<dev-team>"}

7. Transition work item

>     After creating the ticket, transition it through the workflow to "To Do"

Reviewer: Add this to defaults

7. Transition work item

>     After creating the ticket, transition it through the workflow to "To Do" or <target-status> from jira-defaults

Reviewer: Switch the order and maybe extra instruction to prevent defaulting to "To Do" 

```suggestion
    After creating the ticket, transition it through the workflow to <target-status> from jira-defaults` if available, otherwise "To Do"
```
